The following are transcripts from youth innovators worldwide to tackle pressing issues like climate and environmental crises. These transcripts were generated for the Limitless campaign by Solferino Academy.



Text 1:
“in my community. Many people are faced with many challenges, like the young old and the disabled, whereby they are faced with challenges like diseases like cough and flu. And also they are face with famine whereby this is caused with deforestation, swamp drainage, industrialization and many others I can suffered and collect from Uganda Red Cross Society, HOA Branch Secondary School. I'll be glad to join this programme on the environmental and climatic changes. So I would be happy if you support me. And if you support me on my ideas in order to raise my general community and the youth, thank you very much, Supported by our friend.”


Text 2:
“Hi. Good evening. Yes. My name is Omar Bambi Musa, a volunteer of Ghana Red Cross Society. I have seen this IFRC limitless academy as a way in which I can learn how to be innovative and also to be a lead mentor to my colleagues. As volunteers in my national society. I've also seen that it's a way I can also take an advantage, an opportunity where I can also try to exhibit my innovative ideas that I have presented to the platform. And I also see to be an advantage of getting networking with all ivory C volunteers across the world, especially youth innovators across the world. Thank you.”


Text 3:
“My name is Angella Pumpkin from Botswana. I want to join the IFRC because of the situation in my area. The situation in my area is that we are experiencing hot weathers as you call it the heat wave the but my community. Because we have some hairs, we do not have some hair umbrellas or even we do not have access to drinking water. So I want to change the situation with no water supply. And what make me sure you only is hydrated make it easy situation in like the he to but to our lives The threat I'm talking about will be in and and even skin diseases. One who? Yeah, OK, Yeah. Mhm areas I have access to OK, It will also help everyone programme to stay hydrated always because in this our red dress and boots on some of the red dress and boots on students, primary students walk five distances to get to water. Almost most of them almost walk 10 kilometres from their homes to where water is. So so I've been supplied with the drinking water by building public taps for everyone so they can have they can only have access to water sake. Access to it is essential for everyone more especially in the street”


Text 4:
“Hi, I am Ni so Harman. I volunteer with Turkish Red Crescent from Turkey. I have been actively involved on projects about climate change and 17 sustainable development. For me, one of the most significant issues is raising awareness on climate and nature in my country. Protecting environment is crucial because it not only supports ecosystem and provides social services, but it also contribute to the well being of all living organisms including humans. I am passionate about joining Ifrc Limitless because of its dedication to create a positive change on a global scale. Through the Ifrc Limitless. I see the opportunity to collaborate with like minded people from diverse backgrounds.”


Text 5:
“Hi everyone. My name is Ona Derek, a volunteer, a volunteer at Uganda Red Cross Mbale Branch I I believe I'm interested in limited Academy because I believe that my ideas can be brought into consideration. I appreciate my mentor, Mr Osman Hwere, for helping me to submit my application. Thank you.”


Text 6:
“In a time where stakes are higher than ever, our planet faces unpreventable climate challenges. I stand before you today with an quivering belief in power of the youth to shape the future of our planet. My name is Akana Gift a Uganda Red Cross Society Brandt inspired to join the limitless academy with a commitment to creating sustainable early the living for our planet. The Academy, with its strong dedicate dedication to empowering our mind standards as a ray of hope to fight against the environmental degradation. I come bearing pass, passion, drive to learn and A and the academy will provide a sustainable platform for that. Thank you.”


Text 7:
“among the different climate and environment challenges. High Focused Flood Is in Thai Region Thai region is situated in the southern part of Nepal. Historically, this region has faced several challenges due to flood. Flood are the most frequent type of nature disaster that occurs on an overflow of water submerged land that is usually dry. It is caused by heavy rainfall, rapid snow melt or a storm as well as weather events. Result in this natural disaster around 6000 to deliver that flow from northern part of to southern part of Nepal and that is called Thai region. In Thai, thousands of people and homes are affected every year. It also causes in the natural resources as well as sustainable development area. Every year, thousands of people also gone to the mouth of the death causes in the field of livelihoods, agriculture, sector, health sector as well as infrastructure development.”


Text 8:
“So my name is SI am 23 years old. I'm plan a so that cross with the plan and our staff are better fit to get this, uh, opportunity to be trained and equipped so that we can help our community through awareness. And this is the main reason why we or I want to join IMRC limitless and to define this climate change. So is the single biggest threat facing humanity or environmental issues are defined as a problem with the planet system, air, water, soil and that have developed as a result of human interference or mistreatment of the planet. And we want to tackle environmental issues like drought, natural resource destruction and droughts. So this is important to me because it is well known that education and training activities are important to find long lasting solutions to environmental problems. That most effective method to be adapted to be solid this to solve this problem is to raise awareness of environmental issues. I'm the most excited about joining IRC. Limitless is that by the end of this train, it will elite me to solve fundamental issues relating to the current and future use of the world. Is resource Together we can We can change the world. Thanks. May God bless us And may God bless you. Thanks.”


Text 9:
“My name is Celestina Ambu I volunteer at Kenya Red Cross Society based in Teta Weta Branch in Kenya. This is my sixth month in voluntary scheme The reason why I want to join a IRC This is a platform which will give me more opportunity to explore and learn from different people. The climate issue I want to tackle mostly is drought because this is an issue which affects our daily lives and most people die from it for me having that knowledge, I will be able to educate on how to survive and which crops people should plant during that period of drought for them to sustain and also to avoid death which results from malnutrition. Thank you.”


Text 10:
“our main focus is plastic pollution, which is of air, water and land, which is on a rise in Uganda. For example, if I could remind you there was a trading story during those periods of, uh, covid, whereby a lady joined drowned in the drainage channel. This was due to the blockage of the plastics in the channel being that it rained so heavily and the water couldn't easily pass through the channels and also for the air pollution. Um, when people ban plastics, this tends to, um, affect the ozone layer of which, uh, it tends to bring about drought in Uganda, whereby if at all, we have drought, there is no way we could, uh, have yields in in terms of agriculture, uh, to sustain our living. Also, it also affects our health, our healthy living over all our healthy lifestyles. Plus disposed on land, they tend not to decompose all the CAAS and the plastics that people are lit around on the open land. They don't decompose on which this makes our land barren or infertile. And when we carry out farming, we tend not to get the use. Since the land will tend to be infertile and remember very well. Farming is the backbone of our country. Uganda”


Text 10:
“encourage and empower the people of the community. We therefore request for funding which are going to help us. It's just the incident. OK, As you see, we intend to install pipes water pipes which are going to enable us to generate water straight to our farming farming site. Uh, to help, uh, in, uh, in the development of the seedlings sustainable agriculture ecosystem, uh, restoration, climate, resilience and community community development and improvement of water supply, for that matter, we are going to plan for our water five years in such a way that it can generate water spray to our farming site to help in the improvement and development of these seedlings. As you can see where we, uh if we if we supply, uh, this is the result of manual irrigation. We in we expect, uh, automatic irrigation, which is going to help in the development of market. As you can see, the results of the manual irrigation is greatly, in fact, such as that after some years, these trees are going to grow up. Uh, as they help in the reformation of the of rainfall, it's going to help, uh, rainfall is going to be created uh, to favour us in this growth. Uh, the pro. The problem of Iraqi train is intended to be stopped in our region of Lera City. Thank you for watching.”


Text 11:
"My name is Luana Pereira, and I live near the outskirts of Manaus in Brazil. In our region, illegal logging continues to destroy the Amazon rainforest. The riverbanks are drying up, and fish populations are declining. To fight this, I’ve started a community-led drone monitoring initiative to track deforestation and report it to local authorities. We also conduct storytelling sessions in schools to teach kids about the Amazon’s role in the global climate system."


Text 12:
"This is Rafiq from Khulna, Bangladesh. Every year, my village is submerged by monsoon floods, destroying crops and homes. Flood shelters are overcrowded, and sanitation is poor. With a group of fellow youth, we’re designing low-cost floating homes and rain-harvesting systems. We also broadcast local radio messages to inform people when flood risk is high. Climate change is no longer a future threat—it’s now."


Text 13:
"I'm Jasmine from Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada. The permafrost under our feet is melting, damaging roads and homes. It’s also releasing methane, a potent greenhouse gas. Our youth group is working with Indigenous elders to map safe relocation areas and plant native vegetation that helps slow erosion. We’ve also created a photo-journalism project to spread awareness through social media."


Text 14:
"Hi, I’m Jericho from Tacloban City in the Philippines. Super typhoons have become stronger and more frequent here since Yolanda. Many families still live in fragile housing. We’re proposing to build eco-resilient bamboo homes with elevated foundations. Through theatre and song, we also bring climate education to younger students—because knowing what’s coming can save lives."


Text 15:
"My name is Fatima Abubakar from Maiduguri, Nigeria. Our community faces desert encroachment—once fertile land is now dry sand. We’re planting drought-resistant acacia trees and experimenting with sand fencing. Climate education is key here, so we run radio dramas in local languages to explain how to protect soil and conserve water."


Text 16:
"Bula vinaka! I’m Sera from Vunidogoloa village, Fiji. My family had to relocate due to rising sea levels. Saltwater has poisoned our crops. In response, youth here are helping design floating garden beds and solar-powered desalination units. We’re also making short videos in Fijian to raise awareness and preserve our culture."


Text 17:
"I'm Daniel from East London, UK. We’re seeing more heatwaves, especially in low-income areas where green cover is low. With my youth climate collective, we launched a rooftop garden program to reduce heat absorption and provide food. We also host ‘climate walks’ through neighborhoods to show people how urban planning connects to climate resilience."


Text 18:
"Namaste, my name is Meena Sharma from Rajasthan, India. Our village suffers from extreme water shortages. My friends and I revived an ancient stepwell and implemented clay pot irrigation for school gardens. We created a comic series in Hindi that shows kids how water is wasted and what they can do to save it."


Text 19:
"Hola, I’m Martín from El Calafate in Argentina. The glaciers are shrinking fast, and with them, our water security. Youth from Patagonia are documenting this change with video logs and organizing 'climate talks' in mountain lodges. We also developed a mobile app to track glacier retreat using GPS and citizen science."


Text 20:
"Salam, I’m Leen, a 19-year-old Syrian living in a refugee camp in Jordan. Climate stress worsens the food and water shortages here. I co-lead a group that turns plastic waste into low-cost solar cookers. We also run youth-led storytelling circles to spread environmental awareness through poetry and spoken word."


Text 21:
"Hello, my name is Rani from Semarang, Indonesia. Coastal erosion has been a major issue in our community due to the loss of mangroves. We've initiated a youth-led project to replant mangroves along the shoreline, which not only protects our coast but also restores marine biodiversity. We conduct workshops in schools to educate students about the importance of mangroves in combating climate change."


Text 22:
"I'm Tesfaye, a 22-year-old from Dire Dawa, Ethiopia. Recurrent droughts have devastated our agricultural yields. To address this, we've introduced drought-resistant crop varieties and trained local farmers on sustainable farming practices. We've also organized community forums to discuss water conservation techniques and the impacts of climate change on our livelihoods."


Text 23:
"Hi, I'm Lena from Berlin, Germany. Urban areas are experiencing increased temperatures due to the heat island effect. Our youth group has started a 'Green Roofs' initiative, encouraging the installation of vegetation on rooftops to reduce heat absorption. We also collaborate with local schools to create awareness about urban greening and its benefits."


Text 24:
"Hola, I'm Diego from Cusco, Peru. The retreat of glaciers in the Andes is threatening our water supply. We've launched a project to monitor glacial changes using drones and involve local youth in data collection. Educational campaigns are held in villages to inform residents about the significance of glaciers and the need for conservation."


Text 25:
"Xin chào, my name is Mai from Hue, Vietnam. Frequent flooding has become a norm in our city. Our team has developed a community-based early warning system using mobile alerts and local radio. We've also organized training sessions on emergency preparedness and climate resilience for residents in flood-prone areas."


Text 26:
"Hey, I'm Jake from Sacramento, California. Wildfires have increasingly threatened our communities. We've initiated a program to clear dry vegetation and create defensible spaces around homes. Additionally, we conduct educational workshops in schools about fire safety and the role of climate change in exacerbating wildfires."


Text 27:
"Hello, I'm Amina from Kano, Nigeria. Many rural areas lack access to electricity, leading to reliance on fossil fuels. Our youth-led initiative installs solar panels in off-grid communities, providing clean energy for lighting and charging devices. We also train local youth in solar technology maintenance, creating job opportunities."


Text 28:
"Bonjour, I'm Pierre from Lyon, France. To reduce carbon emissions, we've promoted the use of bicycles through a city-wide bike-sharing program. Our group organizes 'Car-Free Days' to encourage residents to opt for sustainable transportation. Educational campaigns highlight the environmental benefits of reduced car usage."


Text 29:
"Namaste, I'm Sita from Pokhara, Nepal. Landslides during monsoon season have become more frequent, endangering lives. We've started a tree-planting campaign on vulnerable slopes to stabilize the soil. Community meetings are held to discuss disaster preparedness and the importance of reforestation in preventing landslides."


Text 30:
"G'day, I'm Liam from Cairns, Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is suffering from coral bleaching due to rising sea temperatures. Our youth group participates in coral planting projects and conducts snorkeling tours to educate tourists about reef conservation. We also collaborate with scientists to monitor reef health."


Text 31:
"Hi, I'm Arif from Khulna, Bangladesh. Our coastal community faces displacement due to rising sea levels. We've built floating gardens to ensure food security and trained villagers on adaptive farming techniques. Youth volunteers also document the impacts to raise global awareness."


Text 32:
"I'm Wanjiku from Mombasa, Kenya. Beaches here are choked with plastic waste. My team organizes monthly cleanups and turns collected plastic into eco-bricks for building benches and shelters. We also run school programs to reduce single-use plastics."


Text 33:
"Hello, I'm Noah, a Métis youth from Manitoba, Canada. We're combining Indigenous ecological knowledge with modern science to protect boreal forests. Our group hosts land stewardship workshops and promotes traditional practices that maintain ecological balance."


Text 34:
"Namaste, I’m Priya from Delhi, India. The air here is often toxic. My peers and I advocate for clean energy policies and plant trees along traffic-heavy roads. We've also launched an app to monitor local air quality and push for citizen-led change."


Text 35:
"Kamusta, I’m Miguel from Tacloban, Philippines. After surviving Typhoon Haiyan, we created a youth-led emergency response team. We conduct evacuation drills and partner with local officials to improve storm shelters and preparedness plans."


Text 36:
"Hi, I’m Lebo from Cape Town, South Africa. Our city nearly ran out of water. I lead school campaigns on water-saving techniques like reusing greywater and collecting rainwater. We also lobby for improved infrastructure in under-resourced areas."


Text 37:
"Olá, I’m Ana from Manaus, Brazil. Illegal logging is destroying the Amazon. We use GPS and satellite data to report deforestation and organize eco-tours that show locals the value of preserving the forest. Youth advocacy is key in our fight."


Text 38:
"Merhaba, I’m Cem from Izmir, Turkey. Climate disasters like floods and earthquakes are increasing. We train students to design earthquake-resilient housing using local materials. Our school also runs a resilience awareness podcast."


Text 39:
"Hi, I’m Sophie from Manchester, UK. Fast fashion is polluting our environment. I co-founded a youth thrift exchange and upcycling club. We create social media content to challenge consumer habits and promote sustainable fashion."


Text 40:
"Bula, I’m Jone from Suva, Fiji. Our coral reefs are dying due to ocean acidification. We collect local water pH data and partner with marine scientists. Through youth theatre, we dramatize ocean changes to engage wider audiences."


Text 41:
"Salam, I’m Zara from Karachi, Pakistan. The city’s tree canopy is shrinking. Our team launched a street-by-street reforestation drive and tracks temperatures using mobile sensors to advocate for green infrastructure."


Text 42:
"Ciao, I’m Marco from Naples, Italy. Tons of food go to waste here. We built a food rescue network connecting restaurants with shelters. I also co-host a youth podcast on climate-smart eating and circular economy."


Text 43:
"Privet, I’m Alina from Yakutsk, Russia. Melting permafrost is destroying roads and homes. We survey permafrost levels in collaboration with scientists and create educational videos to share our findings across Siberia."


Text 44:
"Salam, I’m Omar from Sharjah, UAE. Growing food in the desert is tough. I helped set up a hydroponic garden in our school using solar-powered systems. We teach sustainable farming in arid conditions through weekend workshops."


Text 45:
"Annyeong, I’m Jiwoo from Seoul, South Korea. Tech waste piles up quickly. We set up collection points for used electronics and run repair cafes where youth fix devices for free. Our group also lobbies for right-to-repair laws."


Text 46:
"Bonjou, I’m Jean from Jacmel, Haiti. After earthquakes and hurricanes, deforestation worsens floods. We launched a youth nursery project to grow native trees and distribute them for free in affected areas."


Text 47:
"Hei, I’m Ingrid from Oslo, Norway. We may not face extreme weather, but we’re pushing for Norway to end oil subsidies. I represent youth voices in policy dialogues and lead school seminars on climate justice."


Text 48:
"Sawasdee, I’m Niran from Chiang Mai, Thailand. Our team launched a youth incubator for green tech. One startup created a biodegradable food wrapper from banana leaves. We showcase these at climate expos."


Text 49:
"Salam, I’m Aicha from Marrakech, Morocco. Traditional clay houses cool naturally, unlike modern buildings. We document ancient building practices and teach youth how to blend them with modern design for eco-friendly housing."


Text 50:
"Dobryi den, I’m Danylo from Lviv, Ukraine. Even during conflict, climate action is vital. We created mobile eco-education kits for displaced children and host climate storytelling sessions to keep hope and learning alive."


Text 51:
"Namaste, I’m Lhakpa from the Solukhumbu region of Nepal. The glaciers near our village are shrinking fast. My friends and I document the retreat with local guides and share the footage with schools to raise awareness about Himalayan climate change."


Text 52:
"Hi, I’m Adaeze from Enugu, Nigeria. Power outages are common in rural communities. We installed solar lanterns in off-grid homes and host workshops on building DIY solar panels. Clean energy is changing lives here."


Text 53:
"G’day, I’m Tyler from Victoria, Australia. After the Black Summer bushfires, we started a youth restoration crew. We help replant native trees, remove invasive weeds, and record biodiversity data for local councils."


Text 54:
"Xin chào, I’m Linh from Da Nang, Vietnam. Overfishing threatens our coastal livelihoods. We’ve created a youth-led campaign to promote sustainable fishing practices and educate fishers on marine protection zones."


Text 55:
"Hey, I’m Kai from Portland, Oregon, USA. I help organize student climate strikes. We push local governments to divest from fossil fuels and invest in green transit. Youth voices are powerful, and we’re making them heard."


Text 56:
"Hola, I’m Sara from the Amazon region of Colombia. I work with Indigenous youth to map ancestral lands and protect sacred forests. We use GPS and storytelling to show how climate change threatens both nature and culture."


Text 57:
"Salam, I’m Khaled from Amman, Jordan. Water is scarce, so we built a greywater recycling system in our school. Now we reuse water for irrigation and teach others how to build low-cost versions at home."


Text 58:
"Cześć, I’m Zofia from Kraków, Poland. Our school got a green makeover with rooftop gardens and solar panels. I helped design the garden layout and we run a compost club that turns cafeteria waste into plant fertilizer."


Text 59:
"Hi, I’m Kwame from Kumasi, Ghana. My team planted 1,000 trees in deforested areas. We also visit schools to teach kids how to grow and care for seedlings. Our aim is to green our city, one neighborhood at a time."


Text 60:
"Salut, I’m Léa from Lyon, France. Traffic pollution is a big problem. I co-founded a bike-sharing initiative and we hold ‘Car-Free Day’ rallies to promote cycling. Our youth group also campaigns for safer bike lanes."


Text 61:
"Ayubowan, I’m Nuwan from Galle, Sri Lanka. Mangroves protect us from coastal flooding. We’re restoring damaged mangrove belts and training fishermen to help monitor regrowth. It’s both a climate and livelihood project."


Text 62:
"Hallo, I’m Jonas from Hamburg, Germany. Our school became the first in the city to go zero waste. We banned plastic packaging, started repair cafés, and sort compost, recycling, and landfill with student monitors."


Text 63:
"Hola, I’m Camila from San Salvador. Floods are getting worse. I helped develop a youth response map that shows safe routes and shelters. We run disaster simulation drills every term to make sure kids are prepared."


Text 64:
"Kia ora, I’m Ariki from Rotorua, New Zealand. We’re weaving Māori climate stories into national campaigns. I speak at youth conferences about Indigenous stewardship and the importance of listening to ancestral wisdom."


Text 65:
"Hola, I’m Matías from Patagonia, Chile. Our youth team monitors glacier health and collects water runoff data. We partner with local scientists and use drone footage to show communities what we’re losing."


Text 66:
"Nǐ hǎo, I’m Li Mei from Wuhan, China. Summer heatwaves are getting worse. We’ve started urban cooling projects by greening rooftops and building shade gardens. Our group also maps city ‘heat islands’ using thermal sensors."


Text 67:
"Selam, I’m Amanuel from Tigray, Ethiopia. Droughts affect our farms. I’m part of a youth initiative that teaches families how to build keyhole gardens and practice water-efficient farming. We’re also saving native seeds."


Text 68:
"Yasou, I’m Eleni from Athens, Greece. Wildfires are a growing threat. We’ve created an app that alerts residents to fire risks and safe zones. Youth volunteers also help remove dry brush and educate tourists on fire safety."


Text 69:
"Halo, I’m Rizky from Bali, Indonesia. We turn ocean plastic into durable bricks used in community projects. Our team works with beach cleanups and teaches students how to build small structures with recycled materials."


Text 70:
"Hi, I’m Aoife from Galway, Ireland. Peatlands store massive amounts of carbon, but they’re drying up. We map damaged bogs and re-wet them using simple hydrology methods. Our school now includes peat education in its climate curriculum."


Text 71:
"Salam, I’m Amina from Ouarzazate, Morocco. The desert is expanding into our village. I lead a youth reforestation group that plants drought-resistant trees and uses ancient irrigation channels to keep them alive."


Text 72:
"Hi, I’m Noah from Iqaluit, Canada. As an Inuit youth, I track sea ice changes and interview elders about traditional knowledge. We share our data with scientists to help protect Arctic ecosystems and culture."


Text 73:
"Namaste, I’m Priya from Bihar, India. Smoke from traditional stoves harms health and the planet. We created a program to distribute clean cookstoves and teach families how to reduce firewood use safely."


Text 74:
"Hola, I’m Marcos from Valencia, Spain. Rising seas are eroding our beaches. I fly drones with classmates to map the coast monthly and present findings to our local council to push for better climate adaptation plans."


Text 75:
"Sasa, I’m Wanjiku from Nairobi, Kenya. Climate change impacts girls the most. I run workshops on eco-entrepreneurship and menstrual health, combining gender education with sustainability training for young women."


Text 76:
"Sawasdee, I’m Kanya from Chiang Mai, Thailand. Festivals create tons of plastic waste. We partnered with vendors to switch to banana leaf packaging and set up water refill stations to reduce single-use bottles."


Text 77:
"Hei, I’m Elias from Rovaniemi, Finland. Snow quality is changing fast here. I lead a youth citizen science project measuring snow depth and melt timing for climate researchers. It’s cold work but important!"


Text 78:
"Annyeonghaseyo, I’m Jiwoo from Seoul, South Korea. Rooftops in our city go unused. My team builds vertical gardens on school rooftops and grows vegetables for nearby food banks. We call it ‘Green from Above.’"


Text 79:
"Oi, I’m Thayná from Pará, Brazil. I’m part of a radio station run by Indigenous youth. We share stories about deforestation and interview elders on forest protection. Our goal is to amplify Amazonian voices."


Text 80:
"Hiya, I’m Zoe from Manchester, UK. Eco-anxiety is real. I started climate circles where teens talk openly about their fears and hopes. We combine this with creative workshops that turn feelings into action."


Text 81:
"Mingalaba, I’m Aung from Bago, Myanmar. Flooding closed our school for weeks. With help from NGOs, we built a raised classroom and created floating gardens. Now we share our design with nearby villages."


Text 82:
"Ciao, I’m Giulia from Milan, Italy. Fast fashion harms the planet. I started a Green Fashion Club where we upcycle old clothes into new designs and host sustainable fashion shows in our community."


Text 83:
"Howzit, I’m Sipho from Cape Town, South Africa. I write and perform plays about droughts and floods in townships. Theatre helps people connect emotionally to climate issues and think about real solutions."


Text 84:
"Hi, I’m Maya from New Mexico, USA. I’m Diné (Navajo) and I work with other Native youth on water protection. We host storytelling nights and advocate for tribal sovereignty in climate policies."


Text 85:
"Kamusta, I’m Miguel from Leyte, Philippines. After every typhoon, my team helps assess damage, distribute aid, and plant fast-growing crops. We also train kids in first aid and early warning systems."


Text 86:
"Pryvit, I’m Daryna from Lviv, Ukraine. My school runs a green makerspace where we build air-quality sensors, solar phone chargers, and DIY wind turbines. It’s a place where ideas become solutions."


Text 87:
"Salam, I’m Hira from Lahore, Pakistan. I mentor girls in climate science and data analysis. We built a database of local temperature trends and present it at conferences to show youth-led research is possible."


Text 88:
"Hi, I’m Aaliyah from Bridgetown, Barbados. Coral reefs are dying. I volunteer at a youth-run coral nursery where we grow fragments and plant them back onto damaged reefs. We’re saving the ocean, one coral at a time."


Text 89:
"Szia, I’m Bence from Budapest, Hungary. I host a podcast where we talk to youth activists around Europe. Each episode shares one climate solution and one lesson from failure. We keep it real and hopeful."


Text 90:
"Jambo, I’m Neema from Arusha, Tanzania. Climate change affects wildlife too. I’m part of a youth patrol group that monitors animal movements and prevents illegal grazing in protected areas."


Text 91:
"Namaste, I’m Pema from Pokhara, Nepal. Trekkers leave plastic waste in the Himalayas. My friends and I organize ‘waste hikes’—we trek and clean trails, then host climate talks in mountain schools."


Text 92:
"Salam, I’m Youssef from Sfax, Tunisia. Our school now runs on solar power. I helped design a student campaign to raise funds, get permits, and install panels. It’s our model for other public schools."


Text 93:
"Hey, I’m Jordyn from Oakland, California. Data can feel distant. I co-founded a zine collective where teens turn climate data into comics and poetry. It’s science, but with soul."


Text 94:
"Xin chào, I’m Linh from Can Tho, Vietnam. Rising seas destroy our coast. I help plant mangroves and train kids to monitor their health. We now have signs marking 'student-planted' zones to protect them."


Text 95:
"Hola, I’m Mateo from Bogotá, Colombia. Green spaces are disappearing. I started a mapping project of urban trees and presented our data to the mayor. Now we’re part of a new green corridor plan."


Text 96:
"Olá, I’m Inês from Porto, Portugal. Our school canteen wasted food daily. We set up compost bins, a food-sharing fridge, and created a menu committee with students. Now we waste 60% less food."


Text 97:
"Selam, I’m Dawit from Bahir Dar, Ethiopia. Villages near us lack clean water. I helped build simple solar-powered water filters and teach kids how to use them. It’s cheap, safe, and scalable."


Text 98:
"Privet, I’m Katya from Sochi, Russia. Weather is changing fast here. I started a youth observer group that logs temperature, rainfall, and landslides. We share it with local meteorologists monthly."


Text 99:
"Marhaba, I’m Sami from Beirut, Lebanon. In a refugee center, we built vertical farms using plastic bottles and compost. We grow herbs and lettuce, and now we’re training other shelters too."


Text 100:
"Bula, I’m Litia from Suva, Fiji. My friends and I collect beach plastics and turn them into sculptures for exhibitions. It’s our way of making marine pollution visible and unforgettable."


Text 101:
"你好, I’m Wei from Chengdu, China. Social media can change minds. I run an ‘eco-squad’ account where we review low-waste products and share challenges like #PlasticFreeWeek with our 10k followers."


Text 102:
"Hi, I’m Kwame from Accra, Ghana. Traffic and fumes are everywhere. We launched a bike library—youth can borrow bikes for free to get to school and reduce emissions."


Text 103:
"Bonjour, I’m Camille from Lyon, France. I co-organized a hackathon where teens drafted local climate policies. The best ideas were pitched to city officials—two were added to the council’s agenda!"


Text 104:
"Assalaamu Alaikum, I’m Aishath from Addu Atoll, Maldives. We’re documenting climate impacts in a youth diary project—photos, stories, sea level logs. We send them to schools across the country."


Text 105:
"Hallo, I’m Lukas from Berlin, Germany. Many people toss old phones. I organized a mobile exhibit on e-waste and repair culture that visits schools. We show how to fix and responsibly recycle tech."


Text 106:
"Hola, I’m Valeria from Cochabamba, Bolivia. Industrial farming threatens native crops. I helped create a seed library where youth can borrow and replant heirloom seeds. It’s about food and future."


Text 107:
"Ayubowan, I’m Nuwan from Galle, Sri Lanka. Floods catch families off guard. We run disaster prep workshops and simulate evacuation drills in local schools. It helps save lives and reduce panic."


Text 108:
"Merhaba, I’m Elif from İzmir, Turkey. Science classes felt abstract. I built kits with mini turbines and solar panels so students can build real circuits and understand renewable energy hands-on."


Text 109:
"Wah gwaan, I’m Devon from Montego Bay, Jamaica. Water shortages hit us every dry season. I led a campaign to install rain barrels in homes and teach teens about storage and water safety."


Text 110:
"Wah gwaan, I’m Devon from Montego Bay, Jamaica. Water shortages hit us every dry season. I led a campaign to install rain barrels in homes and teach teens about storage and water safety."